and it's sport scene wants to stop smiling
applied this immense joy of
Send soccer to you I am
tiago leifert my side is it fell there
Let's go for another game full of
emotion
it's worth staying connected to barcelona
against milan
fall river responds quickly to me was
the first game in the history of barcelona
Do you think I had not studied?
netsabe was 1899 against a combined
Englishmen who lived in the city that
Barça lost by 1 to 0 in a match
historical opinion here was that of
Brazilian team against Barcelona and
99 guy who went to celebrate the
centenary of barcelona that ended
tied in 2 to 2
the experienced west and van gogh who goes
Commando a game today Good luck to
he fell from seeing the impression he gives
looking at barcelona that they know
exactly when to accelerate the game when
hold the game and hold the ball when
wholesaler or understanding of football
awesome is what amazes me the most
in that barcelona they dictate the rhythm
The game is with the ball possession they make
opponent chase after you without it
they have a compaction repair as
they all come back fast behind the line
of the ball
yea
is
the judge whistles and the players go to the
locker rooms with the scoreboard
now is the preferred time for
women's proposals to listen to the
cute of caio ribeiro on the first
time
the 0 to 0 is not surprised arrived ta
lacking creativity
missed individual play and will of
do something like it 's cute and fall and
raise the ball the pitch is dangerous
Google's attempt is blind goalkeeper pedro
Behold, the goalkeeper is upset with a
little in the zone did not appear nobody is
thank you rebound
it's the
ae